hey it's me Fe here to help you jazz up
the pain I mean playing jazz up the pain
plane rates have become synonymous with
the powerful women so many strong female
characters are sporting this look I bet
none of them ever got dumped three times
by the same guy but perhaps my favorite
braided badass you guessed it Daenerys
the Stormborn bitch recent three dragons
on her own so today we are going to
braid ourselves braver you're ready me
neither cool
so grab a piece of hair at your hairline
then separate it into three pieces
once those are good and lonely it's time
to start braiding and what I like to
call a braid motion this is hard to do
especially if you're doing it to
yourself it's much easier to do it on a
friend unless you do it too much and she
stops coming over so at this point
something has poked me what I'm gonna
find out is it's a bobby pin I lost in
my hair when I tried to do a Snooki bump
a year ago I remember losing it and I
guess the sheer magnitude of time and
all the tossing and turning of sleepless
nights has whittled it down to a sort of
Shiv so that's why there's blood but hey
maybe that'll give me a nice Auburn
sansa color look cuz it's like everyone
acts like Sansa is weak but I look at
her and I'm like wow if I were her I
would have already killed myself as you
can see something has gone wrong and
I've created enough that's just getting
deeper and deeper watching it now I can
see myself making the situation worse
but at the time I really thought I was
on doing the problem haha this is
hitting close to home use a little
pomade to release the tangle and brush
it smooth here's a fun Beauty hack
peanut butter it's great for
conditioning and a shot of protein can
do wonders for your weak brittle spirit
I mean hair so if you want to make them
jelly try a little peanut butter cool so
now do the same thing on the other side
so there you have it an effortless day
look that'll tell the world excuse me
Daenerys Targaryen coming through that
throne is mine in this game is that what
happens I don't know no one will give me
their HBO Go password
and shine like Daenerys I'm sure luck
dinners oh I do you guys work with
humans too
thanks for watching click here to
subscribe click here for more videos or
I don't click at all I don't give a f---
at video I give many facts please